c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\Luna GUI.exe.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\Luna GUI.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\Luna GUI.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\bin\Debug\WindowsInput.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Interop.SHDocVw.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Interop.Shell32.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\OffsetFinderAssistent.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\OffsetFinderAssistent.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.g.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna_GUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Luna GUI\Luna GUI\obj\Debug\Luna GUI.pdb
